Add command "Final Obligation" (#16817)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/addendum/program.rst

   Start the proof of the next unsolved obligation.

> .. cmd:: Final Obligation {? with @ltac_expr }

Reviewer: This omits the `ident` from `Final Obligation of @ident OPT ( with @ltac_expr )`. 
 You need the change I requested in https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/16817#discussion_r1024376502 to be accurate here.

> .. cmd:: Final Obligation {? of @ident } {? with @ltac_expr }

Reviewer: In `common.edit_mlg`, you need something like this to pass lint:

```
command: [
   :
| REPLACE "Final" "Obligation" "of" identref withtac
| WITH "Final" "Obligation" OPT ( "of" identref ) withtac
| DELETE "Final" "Obligation" withtac
```

Author: seems to pass fine

>    Like :cmd:`Next Obligation`, start the proof of the next unsolved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Like :cmd:`Next Obligation`, starts the proof of the next unsolved
```

>    obligation. Additionally, at :cmd:`Qed` time after the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   obligation. Additionally, at :cmd:`Qed` time, after the
```

   automatic solver has run on any remaining obligations, Coq checks

>    that no obligations remain for the given :token:`ident` when
>    provided and globally in the current module when none is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   that no obligations remain for the given :token:`ident` (when
   provided) and otherwise throughout the current module.
```

"globally in the current module" - "globally" somewhat contradicts "in the current module", so not the best wording

Would you also describe `ltac_expr`, e.g. add some words like ```using the given :token:`ltac_expr` or the default one.```

Author: I don't know what the ltac_expr does, but it's the same as Next Obligation and therefore not needed for this PR

>    provided and globally in the current module when none is provided.

Reviewer: Can you be more specific, e.g. "after the proof is complete" -> something like ```at :n:`Qed` time```
"it checks" - "it" refers to Coq or a Qed?  Maybe "the Qed checks"?
